did you get my note about the no-go
areas I cannot have people wandering
about middle of the night
these things always end up in a bloody
mess this is the school that's an order
at the top if the bat in the middle
cleansing arts watch where you're
looking then down at the bottom what
those weren't that's fortunately I'm
afraid mr. Prague will be unable to
teach today or ever again
he died here anyway there's something in
the woods what the tempo the hole is a
gateway it'll eat straight down so now I
wants to buy some drugs they just ate
half the Opera seat
seat belts everyone
stop worried what they're gonna do eat
you alive
delicious
[Music]